Feature/3642 remove references of js templates (#608)
brightlayer-ui/doc-it: src/docs/development/frameworks-web/react.mdx

npx -p @brightlayer-ui/cli blui new react
```

> You will be asked to provide a name for your project, you'll be asked if you want to use the Brightlayer UI eslint and prettier configurations files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be asked to provide a name for your project and whether you want to use the Brightlayer UI eslint and prettier configuration files.
```
